## Executive Summary
DPP Veg Mart is an eminent name in Maharashtra, India. Their business centers include a Central Hub (CH) which is the heart of all their business processes and 
Sub Center Hubs (SCHs) that work closely with CH and the consumers. Currently, DPP is using physical journals for orders and maintain paper invoices. DPP is facing 
  difficulties in accessing past records of business and customer data as all those records were on paper. As there is no IT infrastructure, they do not have a digital 
  backup of any user data, business data, invoices, inventories, etc. Customers must come in to the store or call to look for and purchase products. There is no way for
  customers to get a digital real-time status of their order. They must either make a call or wait for a call from the store to know if the order is ready. 
  The transportation system is also managed manually with paper invoices and phone calls to vendors leading to a lot of issues in coordination. Therefore, the company 
  wishes to bring their business online.
The purpose of this project is to analyze and design an information system for DPP to help them better conduct their business. The new system is designed to manage all 
the DPP information at one place and enhance the user experience. The website would be a one-stop shop for users to search products, buy products, make payment, track 
orders and report concerns. The system would also manage information like user personal details, user login information, favorite products, products on sale, new products, 
best sellers, etc. As this is a system being built from the scratch, we did not have to consider issues like system integration and legacy data.  
We have conducted the project through all the steps of the planning, analysis and design phases (Deliverable one, two and three respectively) to conclude that the system 
could be implemented. The project report consists of all the essential details to understand the existing (as-is) DPP System and detailed planning, analysis and design
guidelines for the new (to-be) system.
The outcomes of deliverable one, two and three (System Request, System Proposal and System specification respectively) give a detailed picture about the old and new
systems and how to go about implementing the new system. 
