##	Refined Non-functional Requirements


Operational Requirements 

1.	Technical Environment Requirements
1.1.	 The users must be able to access the system over any web browsers like Internet explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Chrome, etc. 
1.2.	 The Central Hub (CH), all the Sub center hubs (SCH) and other offices should have an always-on high speed ethernet connection to enable real-time database and server updates. 
1.3.	The system versions must be available both over desktop and mobile/ laptop devices.
1.4.	The system should be able to connect to other hardware like printers, scanners, etc.

2.	System Integration Requirements
None. As this is a new system, there are no integration issues to be considered.

3.	Portability Requirements
3.1	The system should be compatible with Android, Mac and another OS.
3.2	The system should be optimized to adapt to various screen sizes like desktop, mobile, tablet, etc.

4.	Maintainability Requirements
4.1	The system should be constantly updated with new and trending features and new versions should be released every 6 months.
4.2	The system should be able to support all the business units and sub center hubs.
4.3	The system updates and defect fixes should be done for an hour on every second Sunday of the month. During this time of outage, the system should display a clear message to the users about the maintenance work going on. 

Performance Requirements
1.	Speed Requirements
1.1	The system should have a response time of not more than 3 seconds for every request.
1.2	The system should be able to complete a purchase order in less than 5 seconds. 
1.3	All the inventory databases should be updated in real time for all the transactions. 
1.4	All the successful orders should be transferred to Central Hub (CH) in less than 3 minutes in case the SCH is out of stock.

2.	Capacity Requirements
2.1	At any time, the system should be able to support a user traffic of a minimum of 300 users logged in and operating on it.
2.2	The system should support a maximum of up to 1000 simultaneous users at peak times.
2.3	The system should be able to handle heavy user traffic efficiently without any impact on the response time.
3.	Availability & Reliability Requirements
3.1	The system should be available 24x7 without glitches and bugs (except for system update times).
3.2	The system must have 99% of uptime performance.

Security Requirements 
1.	System Value Estimates
1.1	A system outage is estimated to cost around $ 1000 loss in revenue per hour.
1.2	The complete loss of all the system data would result in an estimated loss of $ 10000.

2.	Access control Requirements
 2.1 Only authorized personnel can perform changes to the system with appropriate approvals in place. 
2.2	Only designated managers should be able to approve requests pertaining to the system.
2.3	The user’s login, payment, credit card, and personal information should be kept            secure.
2.4	No employee can access another employee’s / user’s information
2.5	All the users should be able to make a purchase only after logging in with valid user credentials. 
2.6	The employees should not have access to sensitive user data.
2.7	The employees can make changes to user data but cannot delete items.

3.	Encryption and Authentication Requirements
3.1 The system should be able to store all the business and customer information securely   and prevent a hack of the information.
3.2	To ensure secure transfer of information, data should be encrypted when given as input from the user’s device(computer/mobile/tablet) to the website.
3.3	Users logged in from outside the office need to undergo an additional step of authentication (like an OTP, RSA password, etc.)

4.	Virus control Requirements
4.1	All user input data should be checked for viruses before saving into the system.
4.2	The system should be able to effectively redeem from viruses and other malware.
4.3	The firewall and other security measures must always be up and running. 

Political/Cultural Requirements
1.	Multilingual Requirements
1.1	The system should be available in English and Hindi.

2.	Customization Requirements
2.1	The system should be available for customization by managers in different cities, according to their city-specific product demands.
2.2	The users should be able to save favorite products.
2.3	The users should be notified if any product that they needed previously is back in stock. 
2.4	The managers in different states should be able to update their transportation vehicle details according to the state specific vehicular guidelines. 

3.	Making Unstated Norms Explicit
3.1	All the fields in the site should follow Standard Metric system. (E.g.: Kilograms, grams, etc.)
3.2	All the date fields should follow the standard format of DD/MM/YYYY.
3.3	The time zone followed by all the processes in the system should be Indian Standard Time (IST).

4.	Legal Requirements
4.1	All the company policies must be in alignment with the Data Protection Law of India.
4.2	The company policy of select vendors/brands for hardware purchase must be followed.
4.3	User data in the system should never be shared with external sources.
4.4	All the system services must be in accordance with the laws and legislations of India. 













